Crowdin integration (#75)
LN-Zap/zap-android: docs/TRANSLATING.md

## How to translate:

1. Go to [this crowdin project][crowdin]

> 2. Selecct your language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select your language
```

3. Select "app texts"
4. If you don't have a crowdin account, you have to create one now.
5. Translate the missing strings.
6. Celebrate yourself for supporting a free open source project! This step is MANDATORY!

## When will my translation be visible in the app?

> Your translation will only be visible in the Zap after an app update. There is no fixed schedule when the Zap receives an update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your translation will only be visible in the app after the next update will be published on Google Play Store. There is no fixed schedule when updates are happening.
```
